[PATCH] [clang][frontend] Fix serialization for CXXConstructorDecl (refs llvm#132794) (#133077)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Fixed a modules crash where exception specifications were not propagated properly (#GH121245, relanded in #GH129982)
- Fixed a problematic case with recursive deserialization within ``FinishedDeserializing()`` where
  ``PassInterestingDeclsToConsumer()`` was called before the declarations were safe to be passed. (#GH129982)

> - Fixed a modules crash where an explicit Constructor was deserialized. (GH#132794)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a modules crash where an explicit Constructor was deserialized. (#GH132794)
```

Reviewer: Can you also update the commit message to reflect the change better?
